For me, computer science is the main culture, you could say, that illuminates
STEM. For computer scientists, we always have these shirts that,
you know, kind of, like, with nerdy sayings on it and if you go
to university, you can find all the computer science students, like,
kind of sitting at the table, talking to each other, you know, doing
their own little gaming and you know, World of Warcraft, you know,
online role-playing stuff. But I think all of the, well, many of the
other engineering fields have their own little style with them as
well. So, the mechanic people might be, you know, working on robots
and, you know, they're kind of like computer scientists too. For the,
lets say, aerospace people, I'm not really familiar with them but
I would think that they have their own, like, kind of pilot culture
associated with them as well, maybe more towards the NASA thing. So,
if you've ever seen like YouTube videos of, you know, people going
out in the space and, you know, like, the astronauts you know, kind
of just like floating there in the air. That to me really, they're
for me, they are the true engineers. When I think people doing the hard
math problems, the hard, you know, science problems, I'm thinking
of astronauts, to tell you the truth. So, just turn on anything that
has NASA on it and that's super STEM right there.